# Decision-support-system-for-distributed-manufacturing
Decision support system for distributed manufacturing based on input-output analysis and the Product Space

The disruption of supplies during the covid-19 crisis has led shortages, but has also shown the adaptability of some companies, which succeeded in adapting their production chains quickly to produce goods in shortage: hydroalcoholic gel, masks, and medical gowns. These productive jumps from product A to product B are feasible because of the know-how proximity between the two classes of products. The proximities were computed from the analysis of co-exports of products and resulted in the construction of the Product Space.
Based on the Product Space, as well as the customer-supplier relationships resulting from the input-output matrices, we propose a recommender system for companies. The goal is to promote distributed manufacturing by recommending to each company, a list of local suppliers or potential customers. As there is not always a local supplier for a desired product class, we consider the proximity between products to identify, in the absence of a supplier, a substitute supplier able to adapt its production tool to provide the excepted product. Our experiments are based on data from European countries. For each country, we built a graph of synergies illustrating the potential productive links between companies.
Finally, we show that our approach offers new perspectives to determine the level of territories’ productive resilience considering the potential productive jumps. This method is particularly suitable for playing crisis scenarios by simulating supply disruptions on some goods and then measuring the impact on the production.

